Docs: URL (#53)
trilitech/jstz: docs/api/url.md

# 🔗 URL

> An API for working with HTTP URLs. 

Reviewer: Please link mdn + spec pages

## Quick Start

We can construct a url in two ways, either as an absolute url or a relative url.
```typescript 
let url : URL = new URL(`tezos://${my_contract.address}/entrypoint`);
let url2 : URL = new URL('../entrypoint_2', url.href);
```
The constructor will raise and exception if the arguments cannot be parsed into a valid url.
The [`URL.canParse()`](#canParse) method can be used to check if the arguments can be parsed correctly.
```typescript
if (URL.canParse(foo, bar)) {
  let url = new URL(foo, bar)
  console.log(url.href)
} else {
  // the URL cannot be parsed, take appropriate action.
  console.error("Invalid URL")
}

> ```

Reviewer: We should take the opportunity (here initially) to explain the `tezos://` scheme

> ```

Reviewer: We should try to avoid `foo` & `bar` in our documentation and stick to real world examples

We may edit or construct a url by setting values for its properties.
```typescript

> let url = new URL('tezos://domain/);

Reviewer: `domain` -> `host`/`address` (we don't support DNS yet)

url.pathname = "my_entrypoint"

> url.hostname = Ledger.selfAddress();

Reviewer: `selfAddress` is a property, not a function:

```suggestion
url.hostname = Ledger.selfAddress;
```

url.hash = "my_fragment"
console.log(url.href) // tezos://tz4../my_entrypoint#my_fagment
```

> Search parameters may be read or edited through the [`URLSearchParams`](./url_search_params.md) API.

Reviewer: Makes `.searchParams` explicit in the description associated w/ the example below:

```suggestion
The [`URLSearchParams`](./url_search_params.md) API may be used to build and manipulate search parameters. To get the search parameters from the URL, you may use the `.searchParams` instance property.
```

# 🔗 URL

> An API for working with [HTTP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP) [URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL)s. 

Reviewer: This should be phrased as `jstz` implementing the URL spec.
Additionally URLs aren't defined by the HTTP specification.

## Quick Start

> We can construct a url in two ways, either as an absolute url or a relative url.

Reviewer: url -> URL

Reviewer: Apply renaming elsewhere in this doc

```typescript 
let url : URL = new URL(`tezos://${my_contract.address}/entrypoint`);
let url2 : URL = new URL('../entrypoint_2', url.href);
```

> Jstz smart functions each have their own unique address which is generated by jstz when the contract is deployed.

Reviewer: Jstz -> `jstz` (current style in this docs)
jstz -> `jstz`

Reviewer: Apply renaming elsewhere in this doc

> These are loosely analagous to http addresses. Jszt has its own URI scheme `tezos` to refer to contracts. 

Reviewer: IP addresses, not HTTP addresses
URI -> URL

An example host of a jstz smart function would therefore be `tezos://tz4w42Gt5zkiGaHPm1ya4MgLomgkL1k7Dy7q`.

> The constructor will raise and exception if the arguments cannot be parsed into a valid url.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that the exception is a `TypeError`

The [`URL.canParse()`](#canParse) method can be used to check if the arguments can be parsed correctly.
```typescript
if (URL.canParse(relativePath, baseUrl)) {
  let url = new URL(relativePath, baseUrl)
  console.log(url.href)
} else {
  // the URL cannot be parsed, take appropriate action.
  console.error("Invalid URL")
}
```

We may edit or construct a url by setting values for its properties.
```typescript

> let url = new URL('tezos://domain/); // not a valid jstz hostname, we'll have to change it

Reviewer: Missing a `'` at the end

url.hostname = Ledger.selfAddress; 
url.pathname = "my_entrypoint"

> url.hash = "my_fragment"

Reviewer: Provide real-word path / hash
